Yes, yes
[music]
Yes, yes,
yes, yes
[music] [music] Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes [music] Yes, yes, yes,
yes
[music]
In the school of sentient beings in their own realm, the
day comes when many close friends must be
careful to perform comedy and return to
create experiences, penetrating white, cold, forgetting
where to go, hitting the head, saving the nation, footsteps
resounding on the road of life full of luxury, golden chrysanthemums,
where did the army come from, and even pigs cannot look
through. Golden blessings, noble, rich, abandoning you, it is
not worn out, the club, the support, also withered, the
sentence is a pillar, a windbreak, smoke and dust, not
discouraged, it is not difficult, we have just passed through death,
we are taught by the Buddha that,
yes, if a person is not grateful, they
cannot become a Buddha. We have received
education on the monastic street and have not yet attained the
Venerable Monks, but we have practiced the merits of
repaying the Four Great Debts. Today, we are
promised on the monastic street that there is little money, the monks perform the
ceremony for us to cultivate merits, repaying the
gratitude to the heroes and martyrs who gave their lives for the country.
Preserving independence for the sake of the
country, maintaining peace for
us, allowing us to practice and learn Buddhist
teachings. We believe that all those who
have benefited us must have been
our relatives and loved ones in past lives,
sacrificing their lives and blood for
our benefit. Therefore, we know that
we have a close, familial relationship with the heroes and martyrs
of past lives,
which is why in this present life we ​​are able to enjoy peace and
tranquility, stemming from the blood and
flesh of the heroes and martyrs who
built this nation.
We are immensely grateful; we can only
repay this debt through the grace of the Three Jewels. As the Buddha said, there is
no merit that can liberate sentient
beings from suffering, no merit that can bring enlightenment. Only the
merit from the Three Jewels, from the
Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha, can bring enlightenment, can make sentient beings see the
light of the tiger, and can free
them from suffering.  Is
there any way to repay gratitude
more effectively than the most profound and heartfelt way? There is no way to repay gratitude
more deeply than through the Three Jewels (Buddha, Dharma, Sangha) and through mutual gratitude and
reciprocation. Today, we
have been blessed by the
Buddha, and thanks to the grace of our master and the venerable monks,
we have been able to repay this profound gratitude. We humbly bow in reverence to the Three
Jewels, to our master
and the venerable monks. We respectfully offer our gratitude to you all, wishing you always good health, peace of mind, and wisdom. May you always shine brightly, cultivating fields of
merit for us and all sentient beings,
providing a place of gratitude and reciprocation for us and all sentient beings. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni.
[Music]
[Applause]